xbps-install -S linux-headers
xbps-install -S iptables
xbps-install -S tcl 
xbps-install -S tk
xbps-install -S python
xbps-install -S libutil
xbps-install -S git
xbps-install -S yasm
xbps-install -S wxgtk
xbps-install -S imlib2
xbps-install -S lcms2
xbps-install -S libexif
xbps-install -S gcc
xbps-install -S gconf
xbps-install -S gcc-libs
xbps-install -S make
xbps-install -S lib-tool
xbps-install -S libtool
xbps-install -S libXt
xbps-install -S libXt-devel
xbps-install -S glib2
xbps-install -S libglib-devel
xbps-install -S gtk+-devel
xbps-install -S cairo
xbps-install -S freetype
xbps-install -S sysstat
xbps-install -S strace
xbps-install -S ltrace
xbps-install -S atop
xbps-install -S tcpdump
xbps-install -S zip
xbps-install -S unip
xbps-install -S unzip
xbps-install -S rpmextract
xbps-install -S lsscsi
xbps-install -S lsscsi
xbps-install -S lscsi
xbps-install -S rsync
xbps-install -S cdrkit
xbps-install -S traceroute
xbps-install -S dnsutils
xbps-install -S iw
xbps-install -S bluez
xbps-install -S wpa-supplicant
xbps-install -S wireless_tools
xbps-install -S unbound
xbps-install -S alsa-utils
xbps-install -S pulseaudio
xbps-install -S pavucontrol
xbps-install -S inotify-tools
xbps-install -S xulrunner
xbps-install -S libdbusmenu-glib
xbps-install -S giflib
xbps-install -S libpng
xbps-install -S xorg
xbps-install -S xorg-xinit
xbps-install -S xinit
xbps-install -S xf86-video-ati
xbps-install -S rxvt-unicode-terminfo
xbps-install -S xterm
xbps-install -S xorg-xlsfonts
xbps-install -S xlsfonts
xbps-install -S xdm
xbps-install -S xmessage
xbps-install -S libunwind
xbps-install -S libsndfile
xbps-install -S mesa-libgl
xbps-install -S mesa
xbps-install -S glu
xbps-install -S wget
xbps-install -S minicom
xbps-install -S socklog
xbps-install -S socklog-void
xbps-install -S inetutils-ftp
xbps-install -S hplip
xbps-install -S cups
xbps-install -S cups-devel
xbps-install -S libcups

# applications: 

xbps-install -S nautilus
xbps-install -S qiv
xbps-install -S gimp
xbps-install -S blender
xbps-install -S audacity
xbps-install -S mplayer 
xbps-install -S ffmpeg


